This is the bullet command pin.
little tricks
I don't feel it at all
Oops, it hurts.
Hahaha, you kneel down and call me dad now.
I can't move. How can I get down on my knees?
This one.
Oh, dear.
It hurts so much it hurts so much
child
Good son
Miss Ye, you should believe me now
You can't go in.
Why can't I enter?
No way.
In case you take advantage of my lady in it
What should I do? I have to go in and watch
Then I won't go.
Xiao Ai, go out first
Dr. Chen, I'll go in with you
Let me tell you something.
If you dare, don't mess around, I want you to look good
Is the lady pregnant?
What did the Vice Dean of the Emperor not take off just now?
He uses this hospital trick when he is not sick
But you can't
If you don't delay, then I won't chase
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I drag